<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:bookstore="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/default_components">
    <h:head>

        <title>Help Page</title>
        <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Montserrat|Roboto&amp;display=swap" rel="stylesheet"/>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="webjars" name="Semantic-UI/2.4.1/semantic.min.css" />
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="homepage.css" />
        <h:outputScript library="js" name="homepage.js" />
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <bookstore:navbar />
        <div class='lightGreyDivLessSpacing'>
          <h1>Index Page</h1>
          <div class="ui top attached tabular menu" id="indexTabs">
              <a class="active indexTabs item" data-tab="hello">Welcome</a>
              <a class="indexTabs item" data-tab="featured">Featured Books</a>
              <a class="indexTabs item" data-tab="best">Best Sellers</a>
              <a class="indexTabs item" data-tab="news">News Feeds</a>
              <a class="indexTabs item" data-tab="ads">Advertisements</a>
              <a class="indexTabs item" data-tab="surveys">Surveys</a>
              <a class="indexTabs item" data-tab="genres">Book Genres</a>
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached active tab indexTabs segment" data-tab="hello">
              Welcome to TheBooksStore. We hope you enjoy your experience. Help sections can
              be found near the bottom of every page, atop the footer. So in case you are
              wondering how a certain page works or what there is to do, don't hesitate to scroll
              near the bottom and refer to the help sections so you can make the most of your
              experience!
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab indexTabs segment" data-tab="featured">
              A carousel of featured books will be displayed on top of the page, right below the
              navigation bar. Rotation is automatic, but clicking the arrows on either side will
              display the next or previous book in the carousel. Clicking "Shop Now" below a book 
              will redirect you to its information page, where you can read a plot summary, add it 
              to your cart, and, for registered users only, leave a review.
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab indexTabs segment" data-tab="best">
              The best selling books as of the time the user accesses the page will be displayed
              below the carousel of featured books. You can click on the titles of these books
              to access their respective information pages, where you can read a plot summary,
              add them to your cart, and, for registered users only, leave a review. You can also
              search for books by title directly on the index page, using the search bar below the
              best selling books, in which case clicking "Search" will redirect you to the gallery 
              page with the search query intact.
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab indexTabs segment" data-tab="news">
              A randomly selected news feed will be displayed on the home page every time you access
              it. You may click on certain interactive links to access relevant pages as you would
              on the actual site where the news originates from, or you even have the option of reading
              the article on said origin site by clicking "Read article ...".
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab indexTabs segment" data-tab="ads">
              Two randomly selected ads will be displayed on the home page every time you access it.
              Clicking on these ads will redirect the user to another page centered around the object
              or service which they are advertising.
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab indexTabs segment" data-tab="surveys">
              The user has the option of participating in a randomly generated survey every time they
              access the home page. Upon selecting an option, their choice will be accounted for and
              the total number of people who selected each choice will be displayed. If the user wishes
              to participate in another survey, they must refresh the page.
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab indexTabs segment" data-tab="genres">
              To view all books of a certain genre, click on one of the 4 genre selectors near the bottom
              of the page, just above the bottommost ad. There are 4 book genres to choose from: Mystery,
              Horror, Science Fiction, and Fantasy. Clicking on either of these selectors will redirect
              the user to the gallery page with a search query for said genre intact, and they will be
              able to view all books of their requested genre.
          </div>
          
          <br/>
          
          <h1>Gallery Page</h1>
          <div class="ui top attached tabular menu" id="galleryTags">
              <a class="active galleryTags item" data-tab="search">How to Search</a>
              <a class="galleryTags item" data-tab="galView">Book Information</a>
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached active tab galleryTags segment" data-tab="search">
              To search for specific books, use the search bar at the top of the page. By default,
              the search will be by title, however you may search either by this, author, or book
              ISBN using the radio buttons on the left-hand side of the screen top. You may
              also filter by one or more genres indicated by the check boxes atop the aforementioned
              radio buttons. The search updates as you type letter by letter.
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab galleryTags segment" data-tab="galView">
              To view information about a book, simply click on the title and it will redirect you
              to said book's information page, including a higher-resolution image of the cover,
              purchasing options, book reviews, and related books.
          </div>
          
          <br/>
          
          <h1>Book Information Page</h1>
          <div class="ui top attached tabular menu" id="bookTabs">
              <a class="active bookTabs item" data-tab="view">Book Information</a>
              <a class="bookTabs item" data-tab="review">Leaving a Review</a>
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached active tab bookTabs segment" data-tab="view">
              To view information about a book, simply click on the title and it will redirect you
              to another page containing a higher-resolution image of the book cover and a brief
              explanation of the book's plot. When adding a book to your cart, you have the option
              of either adding a PDF or e-pub format of the book by clicking on either of the two
              buttons located above the title and the average rating. You have the option of adding
              any number of books, so long as we have the specified quantity of said books in stock.
              You can also view other books of the same genre of the current book you are viewing,
              which will be displayed below the review pane (see "Leaving a Review" for more information
              on how to submit a book review).
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab bookTabs segment" data-tab="review">
              You can also leave a review by clicking on the + button on the upper right-hand
              corner of the review pane, where you can view approved reviews left by other users.
              When leaving a review, you must specify a title, a numerical rating out of 5,
              and an explanation for your review. Upon submission, it will be subject to approval,
              and after it is approved, it will be publicly displayed alongside the other review.
          </div>
          
          <br/>
          
          <h1>Registration</h1>
          <div class="ui top attached tabular menu" id="registerTabs">
              <a class="active registerTabs item" data-tab="genInfo">General Registration Info</a>
              <a class="registerTabs item" data-tab="email">Email Format</a>
              <a class="registerTabs item" data-tab="postalCode">Postal Code Format</a>
              <a class="registerTabs item" data-tab="province">Province Information</a>
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached active tab registerTabs segment" data-tab="genInfo">
              When registering to be a new user, keep in mind that your email cannot be changed
              due to the structure of our database. If something is unable to be mailed to you
              due to the fact that you have provided a nonexistent or malformed email address,
              you will have to register for a new account and repeat the order process again.
              That being said, make sure no fields are left blank and the proper structure
              of certain required fields are met. If a changed field is left blank or a certain
              expected format (for postal code and email) is not respected, an error message will
              be displayed. As long as errors are present, a user cannot be registered. Once all
              fields have been filled and all required criteria is met, a user can successfully
              be registered. Upon registration, you will be redirected to the login page where
              you can proceed to sign in and start experiencing the site as an actual user.
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab registerTabs segment" data-tab="email">
              Email addresses follow the traditional format (for example, albertfish@gmail.com or
              mirandalambert@outlook.com)
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab registerTabs segment" data-tab="postalCode">
              Postal codes follow the Canadian format: letter, number, letter, number, letter, 
              number (for example. H1C5D7 or H1V8J0).
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab registerTabs segment" data-tab="province">
              The province you select will determine the taxes applied on orders. Keep in mind that
              managers are able to change your province at any time, so in case a mistake was made,
              it can easily be fixed on the manager's end.
          </div>
          
          <br/>
          
          <h1>Logging In</h1>
          <div class="ui top attached tabular menu" id="loginTabs">
              <a class="active loginTabs item" data-tab="login">Login Information</a>
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached active tab loginTabs segment" data-tab="login">
              When logging in, if an email that the user enters is not in the database, an error
              message will be displayed. If the email or password fields are left blank after changing
              them, respective error messages will be displayed. If a password associated with an existing
              email is incorrect, the user will only be made aware after attempting to log in, after which
              they will be asked to enter the correct password. In the case where a user has not yet made an
              account, they may click the "Register" link located below the login form to create an account.
          </div>
          
          <br/>
          
          <h1>Cart / Order Summary / Finalizing Order</h1>
          <div class="ui top attached tabular menu" id="cartTabs">
              <a class="active cartTabs item" data-tab="summary">Viewing Order Summary</a>
              <a class="cartTabs item" data-tab="finalize">Finalizing Order</a>
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached active tab cartTabs segment" data-tab="summary">
              Your order summary consists of each of the books that you have added to your cart
              throughout the duration of your current purchase, the quantity of each book,
              the total price of each book (factoring in the quantity), the provincial taxes
              determined by the province selected at registration, and the total price of
              your order with everything factored in. If you are satisfied with your order
              upon reviewing the summary, click on "Finalize" and you will be taken to another
              screen where you can enter credit card details and finalize the order.
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached tab cartTabs segment" data-tab="finalize">
              When it comes time to finalize your order, you will be asked to enter credit card
              details. The payment total will already be present; you must only enter a valid credit
              card number and an expiration date in the format MM/yyyy. Both the number and the date
              will be validated upon submitting your details. If they are of the correct format, your
              order will be finalized and you may now download the purchased books by accessing the
              "My Books" page. If the details are not of the correct format, you will be asked to
              re-enter them.
          </div>
          
          <br/>
          
          <h1>My Books / Downloading Books</h1>
          <div class="ui top attached tabular menu" id="myBooksTabs">
              <a class="active myBooksTabs item" data-tab="download">Download Books</a>
          </div>
          <div class="ui bottom attached active tab myBooksTabs segment" data-tab="download">
              Any books which the user has previously bought, and for which the purchase has
              been finalized, will be listed on this page, along with the format in which they
              have been purchased and a button next to each book which will allow the user to 
              download a copy of the book, in the aforementioned specified format, to their 
              computer, where they can finally start reading the actual book in digital form.
          </div>
        </div>
        <bookstore:footer/>
    </h:body>
</html>
